and Canada about 2,500 people have
already come through this model of the
new BART cars to get a first-hand look
they're saying things like the new bike
racks that will be on some of the cars
Bart is touting this as the the train of
the future they're saying it's aluminum
it's lighter weight is more energy
efficient but as with anything that's
new there are some people who are going
to love it and some people who will not
one of the biggest complaints Bart
writers have is how loud the trains are
Bart's new cars will have what's called
micro plug doors that will help keep out
the noise and will be quieter to those
who live near the tracks to give them a
quieter ride I think we've accomplished
that Bart has the oldest fleet in the
country and the first of the seven
hundred seventy five cars ordered will
begin arriving in 2017 eventually
there'll be a thousand new cars and I
think the customer satisfaction that of
the ride is just going to be incredible
Bart will double the number of seats and
hand holds and those grossed out by the
current upholstery we'll find the new
seats are easier to clean and Bart's
promising they're more comfortable the
seats are vinyl material they're thinner
higher and the seat back sir there's
lumbar support but the new cars are not
popular with people with disabilities
they had people test a mock-up when the
mock-up was empty Bob plant hold says
when the new car is full there will be
less access for people in wheelchairs
there are brightly colored seats
designated for people with disabilities
and seniors but plant Holt says this
design has already proven to be
inaccessible Washington DC has used the
same car same design same manufacturer
they have problems Bart says it's
already modified the design based on the
public's input and plans to meet again
with riders with disabilities it's
nobody's desire
my access to anyone April 29th there
will be a special event for people with
disabilities so they can get a chance to
come on one of these model trains in and
get a look for themselves they'll be
held at the North Berkeley BART station
they'll be able to come on and frankly
they'll be able to tell for themselves
whether or not this does or does not
meet their needs
in San Francisco and Notre Angelo KPIX 5
yeah and for the next few weeks bark
will be taking the trains to different
preview events all across the Bay Area
you can find the dates and times on KPIX
comm shares of Google dropped sharply
today after the tech giant